# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [0.0.10] - 2024-03-07

### Fixed
- Issue #17: find_module removed in Python 3.12, replaced with find_spec

### Added
- PR #14: Add tests
- PR #14: Add option to calculate CRC32 with -c / --checksum
- Add --info for both -i and -k. Will print info about either .iso or .ird.
- Added title_id to keys.db

### Changed
- PR #14: Reworked disc-key lookup logic
- Added searching for title_id to disc-key lookup logic

## [0.0.9] - 2022-02-19
### Fixed
- Issue #11: fix read_regions bug which caused incorrect encryption/decryption

### Changed
- A little more lenient requirements using ~=

## [0.0.8] - 2021-11-27
### Fixed
- Issue #7: fix manually supplied .ird files not being used.

## [0.0.7] - 2021-06-29
### Added
- PARAM.SFO reader (sfo.py)
- Now searches for PARAM.SFO first and uses game title from there instead of crc32.
- To identify keys, checks if .iso has a unique size, then if it has the name from PARAM.SFO in it + size, then downloads .ird
- long_description in setup.py for description on PyPI

### Changed
- Multiman styling by default if PARAM.SFO is found

### Removed
- No longer checks crc32, see Added. Might re-add as last fallback later.

## [0.0.6] - 2021-06-05
### Fixed
- Issue #6: fix decrypting using disc key not working

### Added
- Added .iso re-encryption with -r / --re-encrypt, default output is game_id_e.iso (example: BLUS-0000_e.iso)
- Added ability to bundle redump keys in the package data, libray now checks if it already has the key for the .iso

### Changed
- Changed printing to use `[*]` in front

## [0.0.5] - 2020-08-03
### Fixed
- Issue #4: fix broken progressbar
- Don't download the .ird if it already exists
- Don't show progressbar if --quiet flag is set

## [0.0.4] - 2020-08-03
### Fixed
- Build

## [0.0.3] - 2020-08-03
### Changed
- Default output iso name is game_id.iso instead of output.iso (example: BLUS-0000.iso)
- Added quiet mode, enabled with the -q or --quiet flag argument
- Added the ability to manually specify decryption key with -d or --decryption-key

### Fixed
- Fix Windows install bug by switching from pycrypto to pycryptodome

## [0.0.2] - 2019-07-07
### Added/Fixed
- Decrypting block devices directly (eg. cd/dvd/bd drive) instead of .iso files. For example `-i /dev/sg0` or `-i /dev/sr0`

## [0.0.1] - 2019-05-16
### Added
- Manually loading .ird files with `-k` (for 'key')
- Automatic downloading of .ird files when not given (currently only from jonnysp.bplaced.net)
- Successful decryption of a PS3 .iso with .ird when path to encrypted .iso is given with `-i`
- Manually specify output .iso file with `-o` (default is 'output.iso')
- Verbosity with `-v`
- Helptext with `-h` (automatically generated by argparse)
- Other relevant things: README, COPYING, etc.



